DAN: A long time has passed since we took down Mag Mel,
and things have never been better.
DAN: Now that peace exists throughout the universe,
Shun, Marucho and I have been able to focus on training,
and battling just for the love of the game.
It's brought the Brawlers way closer to our partner Bakugan.
DAN: But it's not just us. Things have been so great...
that all of the Bakugan have immigrated from New Vestroia,
and now live here on Earth amongst us humans.
It's like we're one giant happy family.
DAN: I guess you could say things are perfect!
\u266a What are ya gonna do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall, You gotta give it your all, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a This is the final stand, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a The power's in your hand! \u266a
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone... \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
DAN: The first thing Marucho did when we returned...
was build this state of the art research lab.
It's totally dope, which is cool because...
it's also the Battle Brawler headquarters.
KATO: I trust you had a good run, Master Dan.
Will you be joining Master Marucho now?
DAN: Ya, soon as I clean up.
KATO: Very well, sir.
DAN: [gasp] Do you smell flowers?
MIRA: It's my new perfume.
DAN: Huh? Oh hey, Mira.
MIRA: You ready for today's match?
MARUCHO: It's been a while since the Brawlers...
have battled as individuals. This should be interesting.
MARUCHO: Just a couple more calculations and I think...
we'll have our own strategy figured out.
SHUN: My mind is clear and I'm ready for battle.
DAN: Oh man, I am so psyched for today's battle.
MIRA: Better stay hydrated.
DAN: Hmmph.
DAN: That's our old pal, Mira. She used to be our teammate...
back when we were battling Zenoheld...
and her mad scientist pops, Professor Clay.
After we defeated those creeps, Mira turned her focus...
to developing high tech machinery...
using Vestal technology. She definitely inherited
her Dad's brain for science,
but luckily not his penchant for evil.
MIRA: As soon as I'm done here, I'll come by...
and cheer you all on.
DAN: Haaaah! Cool!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Evil Arrival
DAN: We've brought Bakugan Battles out of...
the virtual world and back into the real one.
We've even started a championship tournament.
ANNOUNCER: Okay fans, it's the moment you've been waiting for.
The start of the B1-Climax round.
DAN: Me, Shun and Marucho are the top players
in the League of Champions.
MARUCHO: [laughter]
SHUN: Bakugan Brawl!
SHUN: Baku Sky Raider, Jump!
DAN: Shun's latest partner Bakugan is Ventus Jaakor.
DAN: He's a cool but deadly dude.
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Fierce Demon Thunder Clap!
JAAKOR: I'll put down any evil that opposes me!
JAAKOR: Haaaaaaaaah!
DAN: Jaakor is a ninja Bakugan, which means that...
just like Shun he's a quiet and calculating warrior.
MARUCHO: Bakugan Brawl!
MARUCHO: Baku Sky Raider, Jump!
DAN: And Marucho's now teamed up with a cool dude...
called Aquos Radizen.
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Slam Leaf!
RADIZEN: It's slam-mer time!
Yeaaaaah!
DAN: Just like many of Marucho's partners...
from the past, Radizen loves to talk a lot of smack...
when he's battling.
DAN: Check out this walking tube of hair gel.
His name is Gunz and he thinks he's my number one opponent.
GUNZ: Bakugan Brawl!
GUNZ: Baku Sky Raider, Jump!
DAN: Gunz fights with Haos Reptak...
who's a bit of a bruiser.
GUNZ: Ability activate!
Spar Hook!
REPTAK: Lock on!
REPTAK: Attaaaaaaack!
REPTAK: Haaaaaaaah!
DAN: Reptak fights with deadly accuracy that can be...
pretty scary unless of course you're seasoned champs...
like me and Drago.
DAN: Ready Drago?
DRAGO: You bet!
DAN: Hmmmph!
Bakugan Braaaaaaawl!
DAN: Baku Sky Raider, Jump!
DAN: Drago's latest and greatest evolution has...
turned him into Pyrus Fusion Dragonoid!
DAN: Ability activate Dragon Trasher!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar] Haaaaaaaah!
DAN: That's right!
FURY: Don't be foolish Coredegon.
FURY: I am the one who created you here...
in the Doom Dimension. To turn against me...
would have dire consequences for you,
as a Mechtogan cannot survive without its Bakugan.
FURY: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
COREDEGON: He was the fool to think...
that we needed him to survive.
COREDEGON: Our mutation has freed us from those shackles.
[evil cackle]
JULIE: Heeeeeeeey! Are you guys ready to see...
four of the baddest Brawlers ever?
JULIE: First up, it's Ventus battler Shun Kazami!
JULIE: Then it's our main Aquos dude, Ma-ru-chooo!
JULIE: After that, it's my best Pyrus buddy, Dan Kuso!
JULIE: And last but not least, Haos Battler Gunz Lizarre!
JULIE: Here comes the play-by-play...
as these guys go toe to toe.
JULIE: So buckle yourself in, guys, because today's action...
is going to be the most intense you've ever seen,
I promise you!
MIRA: Daaaaan!
DAN: Huh?
MIRA: See? I told you guys I'd be here to cheer you on, right?
DAN: I knew it!
MARUCHO: Hi.
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyukyu
RADIZEN: Roxtor, I've got a battle to fight.
You can't be filling my head with your gibberish, right now.
BETADRON: Mechtogan that can survive...
without their creator Bakugan? Impossible!
MUTABRID: They say it's their mutation that's allowed this.
KODOKOR: Hmmmph. We'll see about that.
EXOSTRIKER: Bakugan are like rotting old buildings.
SLYCERAK: Ones that need to be demolished.
MANDIBOR: And once we do that, we'll create...
an empire of Mechtogan.
TREMBLAR: You really think you can defeat the eight of us,
you arrogant punks?
COREDEGON: Hmmmph. We wouldn't waste our time on you.
SLYCERAK: You are evil Bakugan relics that have...
been banished here to the deepest region...
of the Doom Dimension.
EXOSTRIKER: You're already as good as dead,
so you are no threat to us. [evil laughter]
MANDIBOR: We've been released from the shackles...
of our Bakugan, which means we are now free to leave this...
miserable place.
COREDEGON: New Vestroia is where we're heading...
so we can destroy every last Bakugan.
SPATTERIX: You're over estimating your abilities.
STRONK: Yeah, but I do admire the hate...
you have in your hearts.
WORTON: I am afraid you won't find any Bakugan...
in New Vestroia.
WORTON: They've gone to Earth to live amongst the humans.
SLYCERAK: You're lying!
EXOSTRIKER: How would you know?
BALISTA: Fool, don't you realize that Professor Worton...
is all seeing, all knowing?
COREDEGON: It doesn't matter. If Earth is where they are...
then Earth is where we'll go.
Come Slycerak, Exostriker, Mandibor!
WORTON: They left before we could tell them about...
the mighty battler called Dan Kuso and his partner Drago,
but they'll meet them soon enough.
MARUCHO: Okay Radizen. It's just like the strategy...
we planned in the lab.
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Deep Assent!
RADIZEN: Oooooh yeeeeeeah!
MARUCHO: Remember, Gunz uses the surprise attack strategy,
followed by head to head combat.
GUNZ: Remind me again, why I'm wasting my time...
with this twerp?
GUNZ: Ability activate!
GUNZ: Grapple Buster!
REPTAK: Haaaaaaaah!
RADIZEN: [grunt, exertion reax]
RADIZEN: Aaaaaaaarrrrrgggghhh!
MARUCHO: How'd he do that?
JULIE: Wowzers!
JULIE: Gunz just made short work of Marucho,
which means he'll be advancing to the next round...
of today's tournament.
MARUCHO: I don't understand.
Our shield defense should have worked perfectly.
SHUN: I guess, Gunz just wanted it more than you did Marucho.
MARUCHO: Huh?
SHUN: He was focused on his true goal...
...battling Dan.
DAN: Hah!
SHUN: Unfortunately for him, Gunz isn't going to get...
that opportunity.
JULIE: Okey-dokey, pokies!
It's time for our second match of the day,
which will see Shun facing off against Dan!
JULIE: Give us your best, guys!
GUNZ: Shun is definitely a tough opponent,
but you better not lose to him, Kuso.
You better not rob me of my ultimate destiny...
which is to take you down in front of...
all of your adoring fans!
And watch you crumble under the weight of the humiliation.
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Spur!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaaah!
JAAKOR: A thundering war cry doesn't scare me, Drago!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Moonlight Shadow Breaker!
JAAKOR: Haaaaah!
SHUN: Arrrgghh! Ability activate!
SHUN: Sparkly Shadow Cross Storm!
JAAKOR: [rising mighty roar] Haaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: [grunt, pain reax]
DRAGO: [grunt]
SHUN: Okay, Ability activate!
SHUN: Dragon Spinning Storm!
JAAKOR: Hmmmmph!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Exploder!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
JAAKOR: Lights out!
Hmmmph!
JAAKOR: What?
JAAKOR: He duped me with a deception trick.
SHUN: Jaakor! Watch out!
JAAKOR: Hmmm?
DAN: [chuckle] You just got...out-ninja'd.
JAAKOR: That's not even a word!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Energear!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaah!
JAAKOR: Whooooa!
Oooomph!
Lucky shot!
JULIE: Man oh man! Dan proves he's still king,
by taking Shun down.
GUNZ: Hmmmph.
SHUN: So where'd you learn those ninja moves, huh Dan?
DAN: Oh, you know,TV. [chuckle]
SHUN: Hmmmph.
DAN: We're on a roll, Drago. Keep it up!
GUNZ: These punks are no match for us Reptak!
JULIE: Awwwwwww yeeeeeeaaah!
It's the moment we've all been waiting for super fans!
We're about to see Gunz and Dan go head to head!
JULIE: Who will take the coveted title of being...
the first B1-Climax Champion?
GUNZ: Any final words Kuso before I take you down?
DAN: Na, I prefer to let my battling do the talking.
DAN: Bakugan Brawl!
GUNZ: Bakugan Brawl!
DAN and GUNZ: Baku Sky Raider, Jump!
DAN: Pyrus Fusion Dragonoid!
GUNZ: Go Reptak!
DRAGO: Don't you dare hold anything back, Reptak.
REPTAK: Hmmmph. I wouldn't dream of it, Drago.
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaah!
REPTAK: Huuuuuuaaah!
DRAGO: [fighting, exertion reax]
REPTAK: [fighting, exertion reax]
DAN: Ability activate!
Dragon Trasher!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar] Haaaaaaah!
GUNZ: Ability activate, Spar Hook!
REPTAK: Huuuuuuuah!
[heavy ground impacts]
JULIE: Whoooooaaa! Are those Mechtogan I see?
The use of those is a giant no-no...
in the B1 Climax tournament, gentlemen.
GUNZ: Hey, they're not mine!
DAN: Well, Drago and I sure didn't call them.
DRAGO: Be careful Dan. Something's not right here.
COREDEGON: We heard the Bakugan were living amongst...
the humans, but we didn't know they were letting themselves...
be stared at like circus animals.
REPTAK: This is no circus, fool.
REPTAK: Bakugan Battling involves rules and honour.
COREDEGON: Who cares!
REPTAK: [grunt, pain reax]
GUNZ: Reptak!
DRAGO: Why did you do that? Who are you?
SLYCERAK: It seems when a Bakugan is defeated on Earth,
they turn to ball form, interesting.
EXOSTRIKER: Look around, they're everywhere.
MANDIBOR: I wonder what would happen if we took them down...
while they're in ball form.
COREDEGON: Good question. Let's find out.
EXOSTRIKER: Yes sir!
DRAGO: Dan, quick!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Fusion Shield!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaah!
EXOSTRIKER: [evil chuckle] Look at the brave Bakugan.
MANDIBOR: Pathetic.
SHUN: Now Marucho!
SHUN: Bakugan Brawl!
MARUCHO: Bakugan Brawl!
JAAKOR: Haaaaaaah!
RADIZEN: Kaaaaaaaaaaaw!
SHUN: Ability activate!
Sonic Reflector!
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
Alright, Zap Screen!
JAAKOR: [grunt, exertion reax]
RADIZEN: Whoooooaaaa!
CROWD: [panicked screams]
MIRA: Everyone! Please remain calm,
and quickly make your way to the nearest exit!
LITTLE GIRL: [crying]
JULIE: Don't cry, I've got you!
SLYCERAK: Do you have any idea who you're up against right now?
DAN: A bunch of ugly tin cans that escaped from the junkyard?
MANDIBOR: Watch your mouth boy!
DAN: Nobody comes to my planet and hurts my friends, for real.
Leave now and we won't stop you. Stay and your done.
MARUCHO: All clear on the West side.
The spectators have made it out safely.
SHUN: The East side is clear as well.
DAN: Mmm-hmm!
COREDEGON: Hmmmph. Unfortunately for you,
we're not ready to leave yet.
DAN: Then get ready for a world of hurt!
DRAGO: You're going dooooown!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Trasher!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar] Haaaaaaah!
EXOSTRIKER: [grunt, pain reax]
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Sparkly Shadow Cross Storm!
JAAKOR: It's time for all of the evil in our midst to be gone!
SLYCERAK: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Luster Drain!
RADIZEN: Here's a little something special,
from me to you, haaaaaaaah!
MANDIBOR: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
COREDEGON: Hmmmph, you're just making this...
difficult for yourself.
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Trasher!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar] Haaaaaaaaah!
COREDEGON: [grunt, exertion reax]
DRAGO: What?
DAN: He just stopped it with one hand.
COREDEGON: Your powers are most impressive.
I imagine you would create an equally impressive Mechtogan.
DAN: Ability activate!
Fusion Shield!
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax]
DAN: The shield!
DRAGO: He packs a punch that's for sure.
DAN: Drago! Speed up, pal!
Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Spur!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaah!
COREDEGON: What?
COREDEGON: Uh oh.
COREDEGON: Stay still!
COREDEGON: What are you looking at?
DAN: Dragon Over Cannon!
DRAGO: Enjoooooooy!
COREDEGON: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DAN: Nice one, pal!
DRAGO: Whooooaaa!
DAN: Drago!
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax]
DRAGO: Well that didn't work so well.
COREDEGON: Too bad for you, I'm not your average Mechtogan.
DRAGO: Ooooomph!
SLYCERAK: And you my friend are about to pay,
for what you just did to me.
Only your pain will be a hundred fold.
JAAKOR: [grunt, exertion reax]
MANDIBOR: Face it! You're no match for us!
So quit fighting the inevitable, haaah!
RADIZEN: Keep talking big mouth!
No one on our side is giving up yet!
GUNZ: [grunt]
GUNZ: Those guys totally messed up my match against Dan!
Think you can go again?
REPTAK: Absolutely. I'm ready when you are.
Just say the word.
GUNZ: Okay.
GUNZ: Bakugan Braaaaw-
EXOSTRIKER: Stay down you!
GUNZ: Arrghh!
Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!
DAN: Oh Gunz! That's it, I've had enough!
COREDEGON: Don't worry. You'll get your turn too, boy!
JAAKOR: [grunt, exertion reax]
JAAKOR: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
SHUN: Ooooommmmph!
RADIZEN: [grunt, exertion reax] Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
MARUCHO: Whoooooaaaaa!
DAN: Marucho, Shun, Oh man!
DRAGO: You're gonna pay for that.
COREDEGON: I've got something special in mind for you.
Slycerak, Exostriker, Mandibor!
Let's show them our true powers!
SLYCERAK, EXOSTRIKER and MANDIBOR: Yes, sir!
SLYCERAK: You fools should have gone quietly...
while you still had the chance!
MANDIBOR: It's about to get really ugly in here.
EXOSTRIKER: So don't beg for mercy.
COREDEGON: Integrate, Mechtavius Destroyer!
[heavy ground impact]
DAN: They combined!
DRAGO: Yes, but it's a fusion unlike anything...
I've ever seen before.
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: You're about to learn first hand...
what it's like to get crushed by the ultimate battling machine!
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax]
DAN: Oooomph [grunt, exertion reax]
DRAGO: Dan!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: We may have broken the chains...
from our creator Bakugan, but we will never be truly free...
until we destroy every last living Bakugan.
DRAGO: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Their extinction at our hands...
will give rise to the new age of the Mechtogan!
Haaaaaaah!
DRAGO: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DRAGO: Ooooommmpphhh!
DAN: [groan] So that's your evil plan, is it?
CROWD BAKUGAN: Get up, Dan!
DAN: [gasp]
CROWD BAKUGAN: You can do it, Drago!
JULIE: Go Drago! Go Dan!
CROWD: Go Drago! Go Dan!
DAN: Don't worry I just needed a minute to catch my breath...
before getting back to thrashing these clowns.
DAN: Ready pal?
DRAGO: Yes. Let's do this!
DAN: [rising mighty roar] DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: What? How was he able...
to generate a Mechtogan Destroyer?
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: I am Dragonoid Destroyer.
SHUN: That's a...
MARUCHO: ...Mechtogan Destroyer.
DRAGO: Welcome.
DAN: You're just in time for the fun stuff!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: It makes no difference at this point.
He'll fall just as hard as the rest of you!
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: Hop in, Drago!
DAN: What did he say?
DRAGO: Looks like we're going for a ride.
DRAGONOID DETROYER: Hurry!
DAN: [grunt]
DRAGO: Let's go!
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: Activate!
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: Attaaaaaaack!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: [grunt, pain reax]
DAN: Nice one!
DRAGO: Impressive power!
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: You and I are now one, Drago.
Let's continue the attack, shall we?
DRAGO: You said it! Let's go!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: I'm going to make you...
sorry for doing that!
DRAGO: Defense!
DAN: Look! There!
DRAGO: You heard the man. Go get him!
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: As you wish!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: I've had enough of you!
MECHATVIUS DESTROYER: Time to end this!
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: Brace yourselves!
DAN: Ha ha, nice reflexes, buddy!
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: Just doing my job.
DRAGO: I can feel our connection, becoming stronger.
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: I feel the surge too!
DAN: Drago! Nooooooow!
DRAGO: Atttaaaaack!
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: Haaaaaaaaaaaaah!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Aaaaarrrrgggghhhh!
SLYCERAK: This isn't over!
EXOSTRIKER: You haven't seen the last of us!
MANDIBOR: We'll be back for you!
COREDEGON: And when we are, we'll show you pain...
unlike anything the universe has ever seen!
So enjoy your final fleeting moments of life!
DAN: Catch you later, suckers!
CROWD: They did it! Way to go!
JULIE and MIRA: Yeeeeeah!
SHUN: You pulled it off!
JAAKOR: That was pretty impressive, Drago!
RADIZEN: Dragonoid Destroyer is one scary dude!
I wouldn't want to fight him!
MARUCHO: Yeah, but I can't stop wondering who those other...
evil Mechtogan were and whether we'll ever see them again.
[sinister chuckle]
DAN: Just when we thought thing s couldn't be better on Earth,
our peaceful existence was shattered.
A bunch of mysterious Mechtogan showed up
and said they wanted to destroy every last living Bakugan!
But who were they? And where did they come from?
Before we could answer, a weird dude in a mask
calling himself Wiseman appeared and he had eight evil Bakugan
with him! All of a sudden we found ourselves surrounded by
enemies again. So we did what we always do,
we put up a wicked fight. You gotta tune in to see
the craziness for yourself! I'm telling you guys
it's unbelievable!